---
layout: archive
title: " "
permalink: /publications/
author_profile: true
---

# Papers

- **State Estimation for Timed Discrete Event Systems with Communication Delays**

**Abstract**: In this paper, we investigate the state estimation problem for timed discrete event systems with communication delays. The problem is how to estimate the current state under the uncertainties caused by partial observations and random observation delays. We construct an augmented automaton after analyzing the influence mechanism of random observation delays existed between the supervisor and the timed discrete event system. The augmented automaton includes all the possible observation trajectories and the corresponding state reached with any observation trajectory. For the augmented automaton, we construct a delayed observer and then propose a state estimation algorithm to obtain the correct state estimate for any observation trajectory.

> Recommended citation: Miao, Chengshi, Shaolong Shu, and Feng Lin. "State estimation for timed discrete event systems with communication delays." 2017 Chinese Automation Congress (CAC). IEEE, 2017.


- **Predictive Supervisory Control for Timed Discrete Event Systems under Communication Delays**

**Abstract**: In many cyber-physical systems, controllers and plants are located at different sites. Communications between a controller and a plant are carried out over a wired or wireless communication network. Communication delays in such systems must be addressed when designing controllers. In this paper, we model a cyber-physical system as a timed discrete event system. We investigate predictive supervisory control of timed discrete event systems with communication delays in both observation channel and control channel. We derive a necessary and sufficient condition for the existence of an admissible networked supervisor that ensures the language generated by the closed-loop system equals a given specification language. An example is given to illustrate the results.

> Recommended citation: Miao, Chengshi, Shaolong Shu, and Feng Lin. "Predictive Supervisory Control for Timed Discrete Event Systems under Communication Delays." 2019 IEEE 58th Conference on Decision and Control (CDC). IEEE, 2019.

- **State Estimation and Supervisor Synthesis for Timed Discrete Event Systems under Communication Delays and Losses**

**Abstract**: In many networked systems, controllers and plants are located at different sites. Communications between a con- troller and a plant are carried out over a wired or wireless communication network. Communication delays and losses must be addressed when investigating such systems. In this paper, we model a plant as a timed discrete event system. We investigate the state estimation problem and supervisory control problem for timed discrete event systems under communication delays and losses. We propose an augmented automaton technique for state estimation and supervisory control. Based on the technique, we construct an automaton which includes all possible observed trajectories and the corresponding states reached by these observed trajectories. We then construct its observer which can be used to calculate all the state estimates for all the observations. For the supervisory control problem, we derive the sufficient and necessary conditions under which the supervisory control problem has solutions. We also propose a state-estimate- based predictive supervisor which ensures the language generated by the closed-loop system equals a given specification language. The state-estimate-based predictive supervisor can be easily implemented using the observer. Examples are given to illustrate the results.

> Submitted to IEEE Trasactions on Automatic Control. Under Review...

# Thesises

- **Design of Vision Inspection Module and Control Algorithm for a Quadrotor Helicopter**

**Abstract**: The quadrotor helicopter has comprehensive applications in military and civilian for its simple structure, special control concept and vertical takeoff and landing ability. And for recent years, it has been a hot topic for researchers over the world. However, quadrotor helicopter models are strongly coupled, under-actuated and nonlinear, the design and implement of its control system is a complex process, in which the navigation and control of quadrotor is one of the key technology.

The research is carried out centering on the stability control as well as position inspection and estimation of quadrotor, a control board and an integrated testing platform for the system is designed. Based on the nonlinear dynamic models and flying mechanism of helicopter, a linearization method is proposed to simplify the model and decouple the system partly, then a multi-level   control algorithm is applied for controlling the stability of quadrotor, which turned out to be feasible and effective.

Meanwhile, two kinds of vision based position inspection and estimation algorithms are proposed. The methods can detect and track the target(s) by analyzing the number of points and the property of colored squares respectively. Lastly, the second algorithm is applied to the quadrotor system for the realization of trajectory monitor and position estimation, as a basis for further research on vision navigation and control of quadrotor helicopter.
